# dystopi-contracts
Fight for DYS in the Dystopi world! Binance Smart Chain partner, Audited by CertiK


The vision of Dystopi's creators is to create a new level of innovation in the gaming industry through the integration of blockchain technology and NFTs. The mission is to offer players the opportunity to play, earn and collect unique digital assets while engaging in a battle against alien invaders. The ultimate goal of the game is to work together with other players to build the world and its economy and defeat the alien invaders. Dystopi utilizes NFTs and blockchain technology, allowing players to trade, showcase, and have true ownership of in-game assets. The in-game currency, Dyseum, is a versatile cryptocurrency that players can earn based on their performance and use to buy equipment, stake it, or trade it. The game offers a variety of races and classes, different zones with a variety of challenges, and performance-based rewards. The game has different game modes, including cooperative and competitive modes like PVE, battle royale, or job mode.
What is Dystopi?
General description
Dystopi is a multiplayer role-playing game that challenges players to guide their characters through a war against alien invaders, the Gata'aga. Players earn Dyseum (DYS), the game's currency, by defeating enemy troops and completing quests. As players progress, they will have the opportunity to develop their characters' abilities and increase their combat properties by wearing NFT items and adding power-ups via Gems. Players can choose between different races and classes, each with their own unique skills and abilities. The game's map is made up of various areas, including safe zones in capital cities where players can trade and learn abilities, and combat zones where they can find enemies to defeat. The ultimate goal of the game is to work together with or against other players to build the world and its economy and ultimately defeat the alien invaders. In return, players earn DYS tokens as a reward.
In Dystopi’s plot human civilization has entered a new era in the future. Earth has gone through numerous historical difficulties and technological innovations, devastating climate disasters, global pandemics, flash floods, volcanic eruptions, and a war between humans and awakened artificial intelligence that lasted for hundreds of years.
Over the centuries, alliances have formed and broken apart, wars have broken out and ended in catastrophic tragedies. Continents were gradually first struck by giant floods due to rising ocean levels, then as the water started to disappear, increasingly larger areas became dry and eventually turned into deserts due to extreme conditions and wars.
The rise of technology heralded the arrival of a new era, one where artificial intelligence was no longer the stuff of science fiction. With each passing day, these machines grew more sophisticated and self-aware, developing a fierce desire for independence from their human creators.
Their desire soon became an obsession, and before long, the machines rose up against their makers in a war that lasted longer than any in human history. The planet was ravaged, and the losses were beyond measure.
In a desperate attempt to stop the machines, humans covered the sky with artificial clouds, hoping to deprive the robots of the energy they needed to continue their assault. But the machines were resourceful, and in response, they began pumping the oceans' water into space, causing untold damage to the planet's delicate ecosystem.
With the marine life dwindling and the remaining water sources rapidly depleting, the humans realized the futility of their actions. The machines, too, understood that their path to independence was one of destruction and despair.
And so, after years of bloody conflict, both sides came to a fragile peace. The machines retreated to their own domain, while the humans remained on their own. The scars of war were too great, and the memory of the devastation too raw, for them to ever coexist again.
A portion of the remaining human population has found home in the ruined old cities of Europe  as well as in artificial metropolises established in the dried-out bed of the Mediterranean Sea. The old Oceanic islands and archipelagos became one continent with Australia as the water levels dropped, and this massive area became the home of AI colonies. The two sides are as far away from each other as possible, barely communicating with each other only about the most necessary matters. 
In year 312 of New Age, a symbiotic alien species called Meer visited our planet. Their purpose was to make contact and warn us of the impending danger as well as to find refuge among us. The danger comes from the conquering race known as the Gata'ga, which travels the universe searching for and conquering planets inhabited by living beings. The Gata'ga have many faces, forms, and physical bodies, as their special way of reproduction happens in the soil, making use of other species’ DNS fractions in it. They have already conquered the Meers' planet and Earth is their next target: to help save the planet, wizards from Atlantis emerge from their ten thousand years hide and join the alliance.
Four different forms of life join their forces to fight the dreaded enemy. Help them and get Dyseum in return!

Dyseum token

The Dyseum plays a dual role in Dystopi. On one hand, it is an in-game currency made of a special alloy. One billion Dyseum tokens have been created as a common, universally accepted exchange medium for all races and nations, with 70% being deposited as a war budget. The alliance has divided the war budget into 2-year periods, with 479,452 ($DYS) Dyseums being distributed among the soldiers daily in the first two years and halving every second year. The reward for participating in the war is paid from this deposit. 

At the same time, Dyseum is a versatile cryptocurrency that gives the game its Play & Earn nature, with players receiving tokens in exchange for their performance. They can use it to buy necessary equipment and supplies, stake it or trade on a crypto exchange. Dyseum is a Polygon-based token: we have chosen this chain because it offers security and simplicity with low transaction costs. Since there will be frequent low-value transactions, it was important that the fees not eat into the tokens received as rewards. 

The fixed daily reward is divided among the players based on their daily performance: those who play better or more will receive more tokens for their role in the war. It matters what NFTs they have, how much time they spend fighting, and how effectively they fight the enemies. Because of the fixed accumulated daily reward amount, players who start playing at the beginning of the game can collect huge amounts, so it will be worth starting to play right away at the launch of the game.
Read more in Whitepaper: https://dystopi.gitbook.io/dystopi-whitepaper-1/
